[OSDOCS-17177]: CQA File Integrity Operator Docs (#114825)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/file-integrity-operator-exploring-daemon-sets.adoc

[id="file-integrity-operator-exploring-daemon-sets_{context}"]
= Exploring the daemon sets

[role="_abstract"]

> Each `FileIntegrity` object represents a scan on several nodes. The scan itself is performed by pods managed by a daemon set. The config maps created by the AIDE daemon are not retained and are deleted after the File Integrity Operator processes them. However, on failure and error, the contents of these config maps are copied to the config map that the `FileIntegrityNodeStatus` object points to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you trigger a file integrity scan using a `FileIntegrity` object, the Operator automatically deploys background services, called DaemonSets, across your nodes. 

The system automatically cleans up temporary scan data after a successful run and preserves your troubleshooting data during a failure. The Operator copies the relevant error logs directly into the config map linked by your `FileIntegrityNodeStatus` object so you can find and fix issues.
```
abstract doesn't tell me what i am doing or why; edited a Gemini suggestion (no idea how accurate it is, I leave that to you)

Author: Holy Crap your suggested change is a big improvement. But I'd need time to get that verified with the devs and QE also. This is another instance where a very small PR would be great practice for self-merge.

Author: @ShaunaDiaz I've added this item to https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OSDOCS-20757

> Each `FileIntegrity` object represents a scan on a number of nodes. The scan itself is performed by pods managed by a daemon set. The config maps created by the AIDE daemon are not retained and are deleted after the File Integrity Operator processes them. However, on failure and error, the contents of these config maps are copied to the config map that the `FileIntegrityNodeStatus` object points to.

Author: Done

.Procedure

. To find the daemon set that represents a `FileIntegrity` object, run:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n openshift-file-integrity get ds/aide-worker-fileintegrity
----

. To list the pods in that daemon set, run:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n openshift-file-integrity get pods -lapp=aide-worker-fileintegrity
----

. To view logs of a single AIDE pod, call `oc logs` on one of the pods:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n openshift-file-integrity logs pod/aide-worker-fileintegrity-mr8x6
----
+

> Example output:

Reviewer: not rendering properly

Author: Reverted, rogue AI change. Thank you!
